Updated hooks reference (#2524)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/hooks-reference.md

>
>React guarantees that `dispatch` function identity is stable and won't change on re-renders. This is why it's safe to omit from the `useEffect` or `useCallback` dependency list.

>Note
>

> >Unlike reducers in Redux or similar state managing solution, actions in `useReducer` are specific to a component. Hence, it is recommended that you **throw an error in the default switch case**. It can help you track bugs in early stages (for example, mistakes in action references).

Reviewer: Switch case is one way to write a reducer, but there are others, like an object literal.

```suggestion
Unlike reducers in Redux or similar state managing solution, actions in `useReducer` are specific to a component. Hence, it is recommended that you **treat unknown action types as errors** rather than handling them with a default value. It can help you track bugs in early stages (for example, mistakes in action references).
```

Reviewer: Also, might be work mentioning how Flow and Typescript can help prevent dispatching unknown action types.

Author: I find React docs doesn't make many references to Typescript, they stay pretty agnostic (although I do agree). Do you still think it's a good idea to add it? I could work it in.

Reviewer: There are a few and this area is one where a type system can specifically help either an unhandled state or runtime error.
